
# DevOps Build - Overview

DevOps Build plug-in for IBM DevOps Velocity synchronizes projects, build process and build lives from DevOps Deploy. A Build project can be configured as an application in an IBM DevOps Velocity pipeline and Build processes can be configured as an input process in the IBM DevOps Velocity pipeline. The IBM DevOps Velocity pipeline can then display the latest version of the application generated by the build process, enabling visibility into continuous integration activities.

## Compatibility

The DevOps Build plug-in requires DevOps Build version 7.1.0-1177383 or later.

The table below lists the compatible versions of the DevOps Build plug-in and IBM DevOps Velocity:

| DevOps Velocity Version | DevOps Build Plug-in Versions |
| --- | --- |
| 5.1.11 or later | 1.1.5 |
| 5.1.9 to 5.1.10 | 1.1.3, 1.1.2 |
| 5.1.0 to 5.1.8 | 1.1.3, 1.1.2 |

## Versions

IBM DevOps Velocity plug-in images are located in DockerHub and the IBM DevOps Velocity code accesses the version that you select. To view available versions, see the [UrbanCode DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/urbancode/ucv-ext-build/tags).

## History

### Version 1.1.5

* **Enhancement**: Added the integrationId field to the builds collection for build records.
* **Support update**: From this version onward, Build plug-in needs Velocity version 5.1.11 or later.

### Version 1.1.3

* **Enhancement**: Introduced support for an optional process field in the plugin configuration.
This field allows users to provide a comma-separated list of primary process names, corresponding to the order of the specified project names. If left empty, the plugin will consider build life data from all processes associated with the given projects.

* **Bug Fix**: Previously, revision data in the builds collection was captured only for builds triggered automatically through CI/CD, and was missing for manually triggered builds . This issue has now been resolved, and revision data is correctly collected for both manual and automated builds.

### Version 1.1.2

* **Enhancement**: Added teamId and teamspaceId in application collection for data access control support.

### Version 1.0.3

* **Plugin name update**: Rename of plugin from IBM DevOps Build to DevOps Build.

### Version 1.0.2

* **Initial release**: This is the first release of the DevOps Build plug-in for IBM DevOps Velocity. The plug-in facilitates integration between DevOps Build and IBM DevOps Velocity, providing enhanced visibility into build processes within CI/CD pipelines.

