
# GitHub Dependabot - Overview

- The GitHub Dependabot plug-in imports repository vulnerability data from GitHub server into DevOps Velocity. 
- It scans for existing GitHub integrations and retrieves data only for those particular GitHub repositories. 
- The Plugin works on repository level and imports data for entire repository.
- The GitHub Dependabot leverage the existing GitHub plug-in to scan and link against known repositories. It is highly recommend that you install and configure the existing GitHub plug-in before you install the GitHub Dependabot plug-in. 
- GitHub Dependabot Alerts should be enabled for the GitHub repository. Automated pull requests generated by Dependabot will be also visible in the Value Stream. 
- This is a scheduled event plug-in and runs on a timed interval. If data ever gets out of sync, please leverage the Last Initial Sync utility.


## Compatibility

This plug-in requires DevOps Velocity version 2.5.0 or later. The plug-in works on top of GitHub plug-in so at least one GitHub integration should be already there.

## Versions

DevOps Velocity plug-in images are located in DockerHub. To view available versions, see the [UrbanCode
DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/urbancode/ucv-ext-dependabot/tags).

## History

### Version 1.0.2

- Syncs with GitHub plug-in to get Dependency Vulnerabilities
- Show data in metrics bar
- Show data in insights
- Used GraphQL queries
- GitHub Personal access token required

|Back to ...||Latest Version|GitHub Dependabot |||
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
|[All Plugins](../../index.md)|[Velocity Plugins](../README.md)|[1.0.2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/UrbanCode/IBM-UCV-PLUGINS/main/files/ucv-ext-dependabot/ucv-ext-dependabot%3A1.0.2.tar.7z.001)|[Readme](README.md)|[Usage](usage.md)|[Downloads](downloads.md)|
